README.md, before:

# Simple mood tracker

Dead simple mood tracking service API, just stores the daily mood as an integer on the database, just a little bit more sofisticated than pen and paper.

## Requirements

Mysql, nodejs and npm are required. systemd is optional but recommended.

## Installation

After cloning the project navigate to it's folder and execute `npm install`. Next create a MySQL database, then execute the query contained in `queries/create-moods-table.sql` on the database to create the table that will hold the mood records.

Then copy or rename `config.js.example` on the `config` folder to `config.js` then replace `DATABASE_HOST`, `DATABASE_USER`, `DATABASE_PASSWORD` and `DATABASE_NAME` with the data corresponding to the database you just created, then set `HOST` as `0.0.0.0` if you plan to connect to the API from another host or `127.0.0.1` if you are going to connect from the same host. Finally set `PORT` to any free port you like, for example `3000`.

To ensure the application will be always up and running I recommend using `systemd` that's why I've included an example service file, as a root user copy `simple-mood-tracker.service.example` to `/lib/systemd/system/simple-mood-tracker.service` and then edit it for replacing `YOUR_NODE_BINARY_PATH` which typically will be use `/usr/bin/node` and `YOUR_INSTALL_PATH` with the path you were when you cloned the project.
Then the typical systemd operations can be peformed as root, to start the service do `systemctl start simple-mood-tracker`, to monitor its status `systemctl status simple-mood-tracker` and for running it when the machine is booted `systemctl enable simple-mood-tracker`

## Usage

Currenly the application only has two possible actions, a `GET` request to `moods` will return all the moood records, and a `POST`
request to `/moods` will insert a record for the day the request is done with the provided values.

## Contributing
Any suggestion, bug reports, localization translations or any other kind enhacements are welcome. Just [open an issue first](https://github.com/namelivia/simple-mood-tracker/issues/new)

Commit message:

Adding travis config file, linting fixes

README.md, after:

# Simple mood tracker

Dead simple mood tracking service API, just stores the daily mood as an integer on the database, just a little bit more sofisticated than pen and paper.

## Requirements

Mysql, nodejs and npm are required. systemd is optional but recommended.

## Installation

After cloning the project navigate to it's folder and execute `npm install`. Next create a MySQL database, then execute the query contained in `queries/create-moods-table.sql` on the database to create the table that will hold the mood records.

Then copy or rename `config.js.example` on the `config` folder to `config.js` then replace `DATABASE_HOST`, `DATABASE_USER`, `DATABASE_PASSWORD` and `DATABASE_NAME` with the data corresponding to the database you just created, then set `HOST` as `0.0.0.0` if you plan to connect to the API from another host or `127.0.0.1` if you are going to connect from the same host. Finally set `PORT` to any free port you like, for example `3000`.

To ensure the application will be always up and running I recommend using `systemd` that's why I've included an example service file, as a root user copy `simple-mood-tracker.service.example` to `/lib/systemd/system/simple-mood-tracker.service` and then edit it for replacing `YOUR_NODE_BINARY_PATH` which typically will be use `/usr/bin/node` and `YOUR_INSTALL_PATH` with the path you were when you cloned the project.
Then the typical systemd operations can be peformed as root, to start the service do `systemctl start simple-mood-tracker`, to monitor its status `systemctl status simple-mood-tracker` and for running it when the machine is booted `systemctl enable simple-mood-tracker`

## Usage

Currenly the application only has two possible actions, a `GET` request to `moods` will return all the moood records, and a `POST`
request to `/moods` will insert a record for the day the request is done with the provided values.

## Contributing
Any suggestion, bug reports, localization translations or any other kind enhacements are welcome. Just [open an issue first](https://github.com/namelivia/simple-mood-tracker/issues/new) for creating a PR remember this project has linting checkings so any PR should comply with them before beign merged, this checks will be automatically applied when opening or modifying the PR's.
